OfferFit partner docs (#6013)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/wip_partnerships/offerfit.md

---
nav_title: OfferFit
article_title: OfferFit
page_order: 1

description: "OfferFit’s Automated Experimentation Platform is a fast and scalable way to accelerate testing and learning. Automatically discover the right message, creative, incentive, channel, and timing for every customer to unlock the full value of your customer data."
alias: /partners/offerfit/

page_type: partner
search_tag: OfferFit
hidden: true
layout: dev_guide
---

# OfferFit

> [OfferFit](https://www.offerfit.ai/) is a self-learning platform that automates the experimentation process that is traditionally done through A/B testing. This allows you to automatically discover the right message, channel, and timing for every customer based on your customer data. You can optimize your campaigns to existing identified customers, with business goals such as cross-sell, upsell, repurchase, retention, renewal, referral, and winback.

Reviewer: Formatting adjustment per partner docs template

```suggestion
> [OfferFit](https://www.offerfit.ai/) is a self-learning platform that automates the experimentation process that is traditionally done through A/B testing. 

The OfferFit and Braze integration allows you to automatically discover the right message, channel, and timing for every customer based on your customer data. You can optimize your campaigns to existing identified customers, with business goals such as cross-sell, upsell, repurchase, retention, renewal, referral, and winback.
```

| [GET /segments/details](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/endpoints/export/segments/get_segment_details/) | Retrieve the details of a specific Braze segment. |
| [POST /templates/email/create](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/endpoints/templates/email_templates/post_create_email_template/) | Create a new Braze HTML email template. |
| [POST /templates/email/update](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/endpoints/templates/email_templates/post_update_email_template/) | Update an existing Braze HTML email template. |
| [GET /templates/email/info](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/endpoints/templates/email_templates/get_see_email_template_information/) | Retrieve the details of a specific Braze HTML email template. |
| [GET /templates/email/list](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/endpoints/templates/email_templates/get_list_email_templates/) | Retrieve the list of all the Braze HTML email templates configured in Braze and their `subject line` and `HTML content`. |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2}

{% alert note %}
If you are using the [older navigation]({{site.baseurl}}/navigation), you can create an API key at **Developer Console** > **API Settings**.

> {% endalert %}

Reviewer: This note doesn't seem to be in the right place. I'd bump this up to directly after the prerequisites table, as it's referring to the third row item.

| **Lead Nurturing & Conversion** | Drive incremental revenue and pay the right amount for each customer. | As privacy policies change at Facebook and other platforms, prior approaches to personalized paid ads become last effective. | Leverage robust first-party data to automatically experiment on customer segments, biding methodology, bid levels, and creative. |
| **Loyalty & Engagement** | Maximize purchases by new enrollees in customer loyalty program. | Customers received fixed sequence of emails in response to their actions. For example, all new enrollees in the loyalty program receive the same journey. | Experiment automatically with different email offers, creative, sending time, and frequency to maximize purchase and repurchase for each customer. |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 .reset-td-br-3 .reset-td-br-4}

## Integration

### Step 1: Define target audience in Braze

Define your target audience by creating at least one segment in Braze. This segment will be used to send your campaign or Canvas to the right users.

> ### Step 2: Configure an API-triggered Braze campaign or Canvas and create campaign assets (e.g., HTML templates, images)

Reviewer: Adds custom anchor link

```suggestion
### Step 2: Configure an API-triggered Braze campaign or Canvas and create campaign assets (e.g., HTML templates, images) {#step-2}
```

> First, create a campaign or Canvas in Braze. OfferFit will use this campaign or Canvas to send 1:1 personalized activation events to the right users from your defined audience. 
> 
> Next, disable the Braze Control Group. This allows the OfferFit Control Group to be the only active one.
> 
> Finally, depending on your dimensions, you can configure Liquid tags in your creative content to dynamically populate your campaign or Canvas with OfferFit recommendations. OfferFit will pass customer-specific content to the Liquid tags in your templates via the Braze API.

Reviewer: I think we can make this little bit into an actual numbered list for it to be more digestible. Also, I'd recommend linking out to the documentation on control groups so the reader knows we mean regular control groups and aren't talking about the Global Control Group. Control groups are not selected by default (it's a checkbox in the A/B testing panel) so it doesn't quite make sense to say disable or turn off.

```suggestion
1. Create a campaign or Canvas in Braze. OfferFit will use this campaign or Canvas to send 1:1 personalized activation events to the right users from your defined audience. 
2. Do not include a Braze [control group]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/testing/multivariant_testing/create_multivariate_campaign#including-a-control-group) in your campaign or Canvas. This allows the OfferFit control group to be the only active one.
3. Depending on your dimensions, you can configure Liquid tags in your creative content to dynamically populate your campaign or Canvas with OfferFit recommendations. OfferFit will pass customer-specific content to the Liquid tags in your templates via the Braze API.
```

### Step 3: Update your OfferFit use case configuration to orchestrate Braze activation events

You can leverage the OfferFit native activation integration with Braze to orchestrate and schedule 1:1 personalized recommendations for your target audience.

## Customization

In addition to orchestrating activation events in Braze, OfferFit provides data integration capabilities that allow you to retrieve customer profile (non-PII) and engagement data from Braze through the available API endpoints.

## Using this integration

> After OfferFit is configured, the automated experimentation platform will automatically send 1:1 personalized activation events to Braze for each user in your target audience. These activation events will be triggered through the Braze campaigns or Canvases you configured in [step 2](#step-2-configure-an-api-triggered-braze-campaign-or-canvas-and-create-campaign-assets-eg-html-templates-images).

Reviewer: That's a pretty long anchor link, I'd recommend adding a custom one to shorten it.

```suggestion
After OfferFit is configured, the automated experimentation platform will automatically send 1:1 personalized activation events to Braze for each user in your target audience. These activation events will be triggered through the Braze campaigns or Canvases you configured in [step 2](#step-2).
```
